rework navigation
what could go on the right side of the middle section -> page navigation, preomputed and presented as html
site map on the left side
search functionality
chat commands (!cowboy, !time, !celtic, !kawaii and so on) in the search bar
add last modified on the bottom of every page unless !nolastmodified
add recent changes to main page
add redirected from ?redirect=#DeathForTheSpiders -> escape space # " < > [ \ ] ^ `
use html elements -> small, sub, sup, textarea, hgroup (for redirect), main, button, footer, header, address (for contributors), abbr
add ARIA for accessibility
better mobile layout
a single '#' is used too much (hashtags) to be able to be used as the beginning of strikethrough. use 2#
add embold, you lazy smile
add internal links, you lazy smile
add embedded media (at least images), you lazy smile
add !redirect -> when searching the following string, users will be redirected to this page, to be more specific they will be redirected to the first heading node encountered when going in reverse post-order in the AST (remember to turn the title into a heading1_aggregate, first...). multiple !redirect s are allowed for each heading
add !nosearchindex -> the first heading encountered when going reverse post-order in the AST won't be indexed by its name. redirects are still allowed.
add !category and !tag, pretty self explanatory
add editor where users can try writing an article and see it converted immediately (debounce for like 100 ms, remember to add contain to the CSS of the preview). articles can be saved in local storage, exported or imported. maybe later add more than one save slot for articles.
directives do_center_title should be handled inside spudtext, as it changed something inside the content
cleanup themes
cleanup contributors
add "!command XXX" directive, to say that, for example, the article "!title kawaii ..etc" you've been writing is the resulting page for a search box command. multiple commands can be used for the same page
add article map (stickied maybe?) to the right sidebar
add a decent site map to the left sidebar
style better the darn footer, it looks terrible
style better the darn header, it looks terrible
redesign the welcome page
see if index.js can be cleaned up somehow
for larry's sake add some testing, especially to spudtext.js (which needs a lot of it)
cleanup spudtext.js, most of it is extremely redundant
add // and /**/ comments to spudtext
once !nosearchindex and !redirect get added, add !nosearchindex to Sup Face and maybe add some easter eggs for it, like 4 random characters that appear between sup and face, and idk how to search index for it
license the SpudText format
make a SpudText format documentation
add warning for weird characters like microsoft word's ' " ", god I hate these
add about.html page
add some way to prettify spudtext, maybe maybe maybe even a way to do it in VS Code
allow contributors to be written in different cases than what is correct (Kawaiitron/kawaiitron) and even use the secondary (?) ones (Spammer92/Spammer_92) whilst always showing the same thing when parsed
when a note only has one reference, use [^] instead of [a]
make a bulletin board for todo stuff. maybe there's already a todo for it...
make a list of accepted domains for external links, and only https protocol (can be omitted in links)
avoid any possibility of HTML injection by escaping string before adding them inside htmlifystring. same thing for !noteXXXXX, escape the XXXXX part
decouple TokenInstance from AstNode functionality, TokenInstance extend AstNode
add a "view source" inside each page, so people can read and try to edit articles... it should redirect to editor, which will load the actual source. it will know which page sent it there through a query string
spudtext doc should be hidden through <summary> and <details> elements